welcome to AT&T how to videos today
we'll show you how to take a picture
with the htc inspire 4G first we'll show
you how to take a picture to begin from
the Home screen tap camera the camera
viewfinder will be displayed on the
screen then aim the camera and make the
desired adjustments zoom slide up or
down on the left side of the screen to
zoom in or out please note alternatively
users can zoom in and out with the
volume key focus tap on the desired
portion of the screen to adjust the
focus please note the viewfinder will
auto focus after accessing the camera
moving the lens or adjusting the focus
flash then tap the flash icon to adjust
the camera flash setting and effects
then tap the effects icon to add an
image effect flick to and tap the
desired effect to enable it next tap the
shutter icon to take a picture here a
preview of your picture will be
displayed next we'll show you how to
adjust the camera settings to begin from
the Home screen tap camera press the
Menu key and then adjust the settings as
desired self portrait this enables self
portrait mode to automatically focus and
take your picture self timer lets you
insert a delay between when you tap the
shutter and when the photo is actually
taken image adjustments this sets the
exposure contrast saturation and
sharpness levels white balance this sets
the lighting conditions preset
resolutions this lets you set the ISO
sensitivity is 0 this sets the ISO
sensitivity reviewed duration this sets
the length of time that the preview is
displayed after you take a photo
widescreen this enables the widescreen
photos geotag photos this enables
geo-tagging
autofocus this enables autofocus face
detection this enables face detection
shutter sound this enables the shutter
noise when you take a photo grid
displays a grid appears over the
viewfinder and reset to default tap to
return to the default settings if
further assistance is needed feel free
to contact our online business support
team at